# possible encounter

factions: The Grinders 
client: Gambler
target: Possessed
jobs: Banish or Summon
connections: Crew: Contact
twists: The job furthers a crime boss’s secret agenda
notes: The Grinder's enemies are Ulf Ironborn.

We are approached, perhaps through a crew contact, by Ulf Ironborn, who knows of us by our reputation, and perhaps the news fallout from the events on Unity Day. He tells us that he got drunk ("Nearly impossible!" he reminds us) and wound up in a Grinders gambling den, a debaucherous basement under The Munghole (one of their taverns). He lost a great deal of money, but, more importantly, only did so because he was possessed by a spirit. The spirit, whose 'prime' body in the Munghole was a tall, thin, dapper man in a three-piece bespoke suit and completely absent facial features -- and who the Billhoooks referred to only as The Wheedle Man -- learned all his secrets, Ulf is convinced, and he is especially concerned that something will happen to his family. 

Unbeknownst to us, The Wheedle Man (or one of his forms) is blackmailing a powerful member of the Ministry (perh. Cpt Lannock?), and once The Wheedle Man is gone, Lannock will have far more resources at her disposal to go after the leviathan hunters.

## what really happened

- Ulf came to the Rusty Scabbard
- He told us basically what's written above
- We gathered info, and ended up going to the Munghole with Weaver taking the lead and Ruka in full ghost mode.
- Weaver and Ruka were able to get upstairs to a high-roller table.
- Slaine, a mean factory chief, showed up with two bodyguards.
- Jetta tried to talk up one of the bodyguards, and Gob went insane and killed him.
- Slaine was revealed to be The Wheedle Man (which, in fact, was an identity attributed to anyone wearing one of a number of identical featureless masks).
- Using a mind-altering set of cards, he lost to Weaver, but attempted to poison him with Dream Essence.
- Jetta killed Slaine, and she and Weaver fled out the window while Ruka held up the rear.
- Gob continued freaking out and ran away with the fleeing patrons. He ended up in a pocket dimension of Setarra, the demon goddess of water and war.