# possible encounter

The wife of our Iruvian Consolate contact is one of the directors of a bank in [...]. They were recently the subject of a heist during which the thieves made off with a bunch of keys to security deposit boxes. Thes security deposit boxes, though, are more like banker's checks, in that whoever holds the keys has access to the box, no questions asked and no identity check. It's gotten back to the director of the consulate that the keys are being fenced in a kind of 'hoarders'-type lottery. Because the original holders of the boxes can't be alerted, the fencing has to be stopped before the keys can be sold.

- robbed by what he thinks are the __red sashes__. He would be selling lthem to the highest bidder. And if we help him out
- Jetta: maybe sashes are also pissed off because angry at change of directorship of embassy

Complications: there are no copies of the keys, but, on the other hand, the keys can't be further copied. They are made by investing them with leviathan blood, which can't be copied lest it, like during quantum crystography snooping, it becomes decoupled from the box.

- Weaver: they are our patron, so we should do it
- DM: doing that will take away from other things we might do

_ Iruvian consolate doesn't know that the keys are missing.

## gather information

- we have a deal broker (escrow) __AMANCIO__
    - lost the consulate's keys
    - normally travels in secure armored coach; can't move because infrastructure is down; targeted by a real professional operation

## a night at the museum (ruka) 
- ruka wants to talk to the reconciled; wants weaver to observe and get 2nd opinion
- (at museum)
- liveried butler is a human-looking hull, can speak in lord penderyn's voice
- each table you let the ghost out, but hook it onto the chain
  - themed areas
- ruka is negotiating with Lord P, and Weaver's left on his own.
- __acquire intriguing mathematical research__
 -- one of reconciled is Mathematician named __Hepatia__ ?
   - do reconciled act different? probably a different color: shining white. & fills the room with warmth. leaks out energy.
- (an empowered ghost can overcome a vampire's ghost immunity) -- how to acquirei that.
- silver nails might have fought this ghost before
- re: Khotar
    - be careful; NHE wouldn't be first to be in possession of Khotar, and lose things that matter the most to you.

