# The meeting with Setarra

Gob remained standing, and the door wavered back and forth with the motion of the water which, in contrast to the ocean, was transparent: a dark jade muted by the grey architecture of the tavern and scattered supellex the color of eelsblood. At the far end of the tavern, suspended in the water, loomed a massive amphibe whose bulk appeared too large for the space. A humaniod torso blended into a thick tail, lazily undulating and beset with ribbonlike, almost gossamer fins running down length. The creature's integument consisted of small, lavender scales which began at its neck and covered the entire body downwards. A corallaceous, baby-blue crest protruded from the had of its head, and its three-foot length terminated in a tidy, thinning spiral. The curious phantasm, innocuous at first, revealed a deeper menace upon perscrutation of the eyes: three orbs set into the forehead like jewels in a diadem, each the size of an imperial silvercoin, their etherial border a perfect circles of deep black, and the center space a translucent globe of electric blue.

Setarra: You seem out of sorts, Gob.  
Gob: Just, um, cautious.  
Setarra: Let me see if I can put you at ease. Have you heard of 'The Goddess of the Undersea Moon'?  
Gob: I think I may have read something about that. The goddess named ... Fengari?  
Setarra: Ooh, we're getting at true names now. Remember anything about her ... extended family?  
Gob: I ... my true name ...? What is it? I suddenly can't remember.  
Setarra: Shoot, I've mixed you up already. You know, this is what happens when I try to conduct these things with a _mise-en-scene_ appropriate to the occasion. Let me try something.  

_The tavern begins to empty of water, draining from the floor up to the ceiling. As the air rises over Setarra's body, she assumes the form of a tall Severosi warrior, clad in furs and holding onto a halberd. Her centermost eye disappears and the crest on her head is replaced by a single coalblack ram's horn._

Setarra: I don't think we need to worry about true names yet.  
Gob: No ... It'd be a relief if we didn't have to.  
Setarra: Wonderful. I'm __SETARRA__  

_Gob is alone and crouching atop a high stone column crumbling with age. Around him are the bleak plains of Severos which stretch out impossibly to the horizon. Looking at the sky above is like looking at the surface of the ocean from the ocean floor, only instead of water and the punctuated radiance of light through the liquid ripples there are only the black-ringed, electric blue, unblinking eyes of the demon, and in each eye for an infinite moment swim the ichorous dripping letters of his true name. The eyes then slide over and on top of one another until, stacked like electric suns rimmed by a black hole, they resolve into Setarra's center eye, which is now safely motionless in her forehead._

Setarra: Ultimately we had to get it out of the way. Now. I've heard through the rotberryvine that you'd like a teeny tête-à-tête with a demon. What's wrong with the one you have prisoner next to your little boat?  
Gob: Well, the chain it's wrapped in doesn't provide a whole lot of incentive to cooperate with me. Even if it did -- and I didn't know demons were this mondaine -- it's an inveterate gossip. Rather than someone that passive, I was hoping to speak with one of your political influence.  
Setarra: Yes, Tyraxis can come across as a lightweight. I haven't had much to do with him lately, but I can tell you, in the day he certainly made a name for himself as far as the exploitation of intrigue is concerned. And there is no shortage of those nowadays who would still vouch for his capabilities if they were so inclined.  
Gob: I have to admit, my own proclivities do not lie that way. I typically need to see results a little sooner and with a few more fireworks.  
Setarra: Speaking of explosions, I think we could continue this not-detestable compernage if you were to assist me with a harmless endeavor I've been pursuing. My other courier recently moved on.  
Gob: Uh ... huh ...  
Setarra: You know, I'm being generous enough as it is with you. If you'd prefer not to have even a glimmer of my undertakings then we can conclude this intercommunication forthwith.  
Gob: No, believe me, the Hooks are not above morally questionable pursuits. I was only worried about my own future as a 'courier' if 'moving on' means what I take it to mean.  
Setarra: Nonsense, that idiot did move on, and it was none of my misbode. Any sourness you might have detected arose from irritation, not malice. Besides, your acquaintance with the _vilki_ means you couldn't possibly end up like her.
Gob: Vilki?  
Setarra: Oh, I'm sorry. The 'wolves,' you know. The ... ghosts.  
Gob: You call the wolves?  
Setarra: Yes, you know, 'wolves at the door'...?  ... _wayakun damahum albab_ ... 'and their blood shall be the door'... ? No? You should maybe spend some more time with the books.  
Gob: True, they are not my first love.  
Setarra: What is? No, wait, let me guess. I think it's ... __VOID__  

_Flailing inky tentacles batter away the image of the tavern. Vision and feeling now rest within an unbelievable bulk, sopping with interstellar ichor, rooting inside the insubstantial pavement of a foreign world. It is here but it is elsewhere, too, no body but connection, drawing constellations of emptiness, fissile screams of dead desire, soulless growth together, forever, onto itself. A tiny will whispers, 'help,' and it is gone._

Setarra: But it wasn't always that.  
Gob: No ... it wasn't always that. Maybe we can talk about that 'endeavor'?  
Setarra: Certainly. I will have sent to you one of my converted who will explain, with a more personal touch, what I need. Should you pursue that course, continue to treat me as your patient tutor. If not, consider our concourse concluded for the time being. Goodbye.  

_Gob is standing inside The Rusty Scabbard, dripping wet with a translucent light-green liquid smelling of fresh mint._
