
# downtime 
- client/target: occult collector
- work: perform/stop ritual
- twist: The job furthers a city official’s secret agenda
- connected to: city notable, and (my) rival
- methods (ours or theirs?): espionage, arcane

## my take on this:
Turns out that The Dark Song (a leviathan hunter) is owned by Lord Strangford. 
The woman Sallender was rumored to have it's map-book. She was being chased down by the Rail Jacks (presumably for the Ministry, who wishes to take over the leviathan hunting fleets) 
perhaps (by coincidence) the leviathan map book taken by Sallender is being taken to Odrienne (see below)
Perform a ritual: 
one with a connection to Ruka through the Church of Ecstasy.
Or we have to perform a ritual in conjunction with Orion's discovery: ("I'm thinking we could use leviathan blood as a carrier/medium to make bound in darkness work:process the blood halfway, then mix our own blood into it")
twist:  this furthers Strangford's secret agenda
occult collector who we have to talk to or spy on is my (gob's) rival (Odrienne Welker, a woman).
We also might learn that Lord Strangford wants the remaining Investigators working on his case killed (see Strangford's entry in the Blades book for info on this). And we want to prevent that for ourselves (or for someone else paying money) or offer to do that for money.

Odrienne:
 she's slim, stooped, disfigured / maimed; her goals are chaos/destruction & love; and she has connections with gondolier and a/the treasurer (maybe the treasurer for the CoE)
place of business in The Six Towers. (A formerly rich district, now worn down and dilapidated.)
she's Arrogant, and takes pleasure in Fine clothes, jewelry, furs. She inherited her position. May not deserve / want it.

---

bluecoats/inspectors
grey cloaks
  -A crew of former Bluecoats turned to crime after being framed and expelled from the City Watch.
 Nessa (leader, scrupulous, daring). Hutch (second, brash, fierce).
					
(so they burned evidence for  strangford ? otherwise, why would strangford be their enemy. strangford would pay well too … kill the inspectors who still know about the evidence? 
 The Gray Cloaks are all former Bluecoats who were framed for a crime committed by their Watch station commander. Sure, they were skimming from the city coffers and taking bribes like everyone else, but they didn’t burn down the Watch station and destroy the evidence in the case against Lord Strangford (of the Leviathan Hunters). Several inspectors who were working the case know the truth but can’t prove anything—yet. Lord Strangford would pay well to have these loose ends removed permanently.

the Inspectors (aka “Constables”) investigate crimes and present evidence for warrants and trials. Inspectors are appointed by the Lord Governor of the city. Inspectors are often foreigners, with no close ties within Duskwall.

Lord Strangford. Operates one of the largest leviathan hunter fleets, serves on the City Council and is a high-ranking member of the secret order within the Church of Ecstasy. (Secretive, Calculating, Arrogant)

Turns out that The Dark Song is owned by Lord Strangford. 
Connection to Ruka through the Church of Ecstasy.
Or the ritual is the one we have to perform that Orion mentioned with the leviathan blood.
twist:  this furthers Strangford's secret agenda

occult collector is my rival (Odrienne Welker, a woman)
slim, stooped, disfigured / maimed
goals: chaos/destruction & love
has connections with gondolier and a/the treasurer (maybe the treasurer for the CoE)
Arrogant
Fine clothes, jewelry, furs
Inherited their position. May not deserve / want it.
methods: espionage, arcane
