Long-term projects
get revenge on the felthiir
get in with the silver nails, a group of severosi horsepeople who were enemies of his tribe's 
win their trust
scope out lost district
switch all their nails with inefficacious ones
allow them to be possessed in an ambush by ghosts
this will feed the ghosts and let me, gob, get in with the ghosts too. 

Seresha: female, tall, worn down, pit fighting, blood to flaws?, arrogant, leader, sandy (haired?) ? 
Thuhan: neutral, plain, bony, interest in architecture? stout? secretly serving demon's agenda
will be gob's enemy probably, or harbor resentment, if gob completes the quest
 pleit [entreat] 
vadraktk [leader].
castweffe castoffs; untouchable
Felthiir :  [lit 'to be cursed' or 'the cursed']  gob's original tribe
 eherjed [ravaged, desolate] plains 
 sudraba nagi [silver nails]: are enemies of the spirit wardens who control the lost district
 tyrande [iron-fisted], 
kucheɪn [whelp, runt] 
slepfkavas [trackers],
sodīšana [a capture leading to punishment]
Sirmgalv, the Earthroot.
Felthiir agrāk (postpositive) [formerly of the Felthiir],
 the thief, Bergna
 jukas, the roiling signs left by the unsatisfied spirits who have passed by. 
drūzma [ghostflesh] 
blödveipr [trauma, lit. blood scarf].
the arts of atraidīth [a discipline which effects the transfer of tranquility and pleasure to spirits]
draught [(slang, roughly:) ghost- friend]?
Khelfaraz (demon): demon: amorphous : earth; corruption; these lances; demons are corporeal, and almost immortal because their blood is electroplastic essence
Izzliijiu: the empty vessel
Izzsalkusaam: that which hungers
Sister Thorn: pleasure, prestige, fame; violence and blackmail; heavy cloak, hide and furs


rannpháirtí ("rown far tee"; member; lit. ) 

Sallender. Woman, wild, bony, Knowledge. Chaos, destruction. Sabotage. Servant of a plumber. Suspicious. Interests: antediluvian legends. Is blindly faithful to That Which Hungers (Consecration: Purify / bless cult followers with tattoos / scarification / mutilation.)
Target: Spy/informant. Work: locate or hide. The location moves around (magical? mobile? vessel, person, etc)
connected to a crew contact: Get to her before the rail jacks do. Why do the rail jacks want her? She knows something about one of the leviathan hunters (or has a map-book or sea charts?), The Dark Song
Group that was expelled from Rail Jacks.

Ministry of Preservation
The Ministry of Preservation manages the provisions for the Imperium, ensuring that food and supplies are transported where they’re needed across the electro-rail lines and within the cities. They also oversee the Sparkwrights who design and maintain the lightning barriers. They are appointed by the Emperor.
faction clock: seize control of leviathan hunters
Turf: The electro-rail train lines of the Imperium. Radiant energy farms, eeleries, and other food-growing enterprises throughout the city.
NPCs: Lord Dalmore (executive officer in Doskvol, commanding, intelligent). Lady Slane (chief of operations, insightful, subtle, effective). Captain Lannock (mercenary commander, shrewd, ruthless).
Notable Assets: A fleet of cargo ships and their armed escorts. A significant treasury from taxation and transportation licensing. The Rail Jacks who work the train lines. A private mercenary company that answers only to the ministry itself.
Allies: The Billhooks, Imperial Military, Rail Jacks, Sparkwrights.
Enemies: Leviathan Hunters.

Situation: The Ministry leadership believes that the leviathan hunters are too vital to the public well-being to be controlled by the bickering noble houses, vulnerable to their petty rivalries and vendettas. Agents within the ministry have been tasked with a variety of espionage, sabotage, and political actions to ultimately seize control of the hunters and bring them into Ministry control.

Imperial Military (vi): The armed forces of the Imperium stationed in Doskvol. Garrisons are posted at Gaddoc Rail Station, aboard the naval destroyer Paragon, and at the Lord Governor’s stronghold (about 250 troops in total)

As I step out into the Nightmarket fog, a little behind my companions — jetta; Sorin, who i think lets me see her beyond my familiarity with her grim plane; this new one, Weaver, and the heavy, buttery smell of rich cigar smoke —  and  approached by a striking woman who I know by description only; wearing a bright, emerald-green wig, its longest strands just kissing her waist, whom none would dare emulate. This is Sister Thorn, one of the clocha (members ; lit. stones ) of the deathlands scavenger gang ainensilta (The Red Bridges or Blood Bridges) near Gaddoc Station. I suppose it's possible that she heard I was running a job for Seresha; I'm not quite sure what their relationships is like these days. I'd prefer it to be friendly. [  But at the same time, these two already seem… intimate.  It's been three years since we last spoke, but it still feels like yesterday to me. She usually doesn't check in with me as often as I see her on my monthly basis, but when we do I see her distractedly flipping through a magazine with my name on it. It was back then when we started dating that we stopped being boyfriend and girlfriend. I didn't think too much of it, but then she started to flake on me about once a month at most Jaune shook his head in disbelief.

"How did I come across this?" Nora laughed.

"Well, uh, you work out with Weiss every day." Jaune's eyes widened in surprise. "You thought you had a shot with her and came to me to see if there were other girls that might fit the bill."

"And that's why you followed me everywhere." Nora stated, laughing.

"Jaune! You're dating her!" Pyrrha exclaimed.

"I would never be interested in any of her friends." Jaune defended. "No one wants that."

"Oh, look A tail ends in a small red knot, creating a tail full of lightning.

Its spikes are hot pink, like blood.

It turns to face you, the burnt streak fading.

Moves its cold stare down on you.

You stop before you can deal any damage.

"Mmph" Blake chirped softly, burying her face in the back of the girl's neck. "It's just like

Mephistopheles

. No, it's no myth."

With a snort, Ruby grabbed the Bullhead and fought through the crowd, towards the chopper she called to take her home, ready to leave Beacon as soon as she could.

-oOoOo-

The pilot stepped away from the front cockpit of the Bullhead as he adjusted the engines. "Almost there, Yang."

"Oh, hey." She waved as the Bullhead exited Beacon's airfield. She'd made it. With the help of her first year teammates, they'd destroyed the White Fang. And now she could go home to her sisters.

Ruby gritted her teeth. Ruby Rose. Right after Yang Xiao Long.

She sat down in the back of the Bullhead as she felt the  warm air on her skin. She looked up as the footsteps and a commotion of voices became louder.

Elsa and Anna looked over at Anna as a student's voice called for the sound of an air horn. She looked at Elsa for a moment before calling out to them.

"So, should I go or should I stay here?" Anna asked while looking up from the book she was reading.

"Either one," Elsa answered while getting up from the couch.

"What if there's an emergency on the way?" Anna asked worriedly.

"We'll get there soon enough. What if you get cold or hungry or something?" Elsa replied. "I'm not afraid, if you're willing to let me. I'm serious." "Elsa, why are you being so forward with me?" Anna demanded. "I don't know why I am, Anna. I've never said this to you before, but I feel much more open and open-minded to you than I was with Kristoff. I don't have to be so guarded with you," she said. "I'll let you go now," Anna agreed. "That sounds great. But the last thing I want is to take you back into that darkness again. I've waited a long time for this." As she kissed her, Elsa whispered in her ear, "Do you want to play again?"

The redhead immediately hopped on her stool and kissed her way down Elsa's torso, running her tongue along her collar bone and down her neck. Her lips met Anna's and both girls reached their hands down to each other's genitals.

Slamming Anna against the stools, Elsa kissed the redhead passionately. Her lips left Anna's deeply, lingering just long enough to taste her before she moved away and began to rub Anna's crotch. The sensations were too much for the girl and she exploded into a climax, moving so fast she nearly flew out of the stool. Elsa paused briefly to let Anna catch her breath. She kissed her again, as soon]

It hasn't been as easy to learn how to "pleasure" people as I thought it would. Especially when you're doing it, as it were, from the inside out. And once I got down there face to face with "Khelfaraz,"  it was hard not to get a contact buzz from all the promises, all the foretastes and expectations trickling down from those husks. (I have to hand it to Sorin -- if all I had was a sword and a spirit, I sure as shit wouldn't have tried to hold up the rear alone.) I don't know why it bothers with these sorts of contractual interactions; although lounged there amongst all that rock, lubricious and breathlessly oozing, it may have become accustomed to using itself as a carrot: the infinite temptations dreamt of through sloth and indolence, all the while having one's very substance siphoned into a fence to keep you from your prey. But there they were, each drop of longing as pure and self-contained as a marble, a world unto itself, in which you see the person who aches, but upside down. And, like a marble, they each bore an unmistakable pattern of rigidity, of crystallization, of the tremendous, tectonic process through which that demon can turn all lies into all desires. It was … easy. As easy as it's been hard, getting what I want to know the other ways. Just breath in a little, open my mouth wide, and take one of those silky, fractured spheres deep inside my lungs, to where that pattern can become a passage -- a passage to transcendence. Or a plague.






