# downtime

My vice purveyor, Shoemaker Byte (Sharp Trousers, counts on fingers a lot) and Sprinkly (lives in a trailer, Rockford Files-style(s) )

Gob: Uh, hey, Byte.  
Byte: Hello there.  
Sprinkly: Yay!  
_Gob looks nonplussed_  
Sprinkly: Gob, have you run into any more demons.  
Gob: Not since that one under the train station. Why, what's up?  
Byte: He won't stop talking about that fucking demon.  
Sprinkly: I just think it's so cool! (And to stick it to the _jacks_!)
Byte: Leave him alone, he just wants to chill.  
Sprinkly: Sure, yeah, uh, you want some tea?  
Gob: (waving off Byte) That sounds great, little dude.  
Sprinkly: (dipping into a battered tin can) We've got ... 'slimy hedgehog' and 'burnt hoof' and 'grizzled hocks' ...  
Gob: What is all this?   
Byte: It's the ...
Sprinkly: ... it's all the types of mushrooms we've got! (continues) 'goat's liver' ... and ... 'green-spored grub' ... 'cressweed' ... 'fake cressweed' ... --
Gob: Yeah, the last one.  
Sprinkly:  ... Which last one? The cressweed, or --  
Gob: Yes, perfect, that one.  
Sprinkly: Oooh, you're gonna like it so much.  
_Sprinkly keeps talking as Byte moves in close to Gob_  
Byte: (in a low tone) Remina's not here today. I think just Mara and Vey are down there.  
Gob: Okay, yeah, Vey and I have tried together before. It wasn't terrible. Can you --
Byte: Yeah, I'll just toss the tea. _Khel Sohv_, brother.  
Gob: _Khel Sov_, sister.  

Gob proceeds down the stairs, which open into a low-ceilinged den hung with thick earth-colored tapestries; some look to be made from hides of animals only known to survive on The Dagger Isles. The floor is covered in an ankle-deep layer of soft dried paper pulp which exudes a cloud of greyish dust when disturbed. He takes hesitant steps towards a whitewashed pedestal on top of which sits a large glass jar containing dry, dark brown soil. Lifting the heavy glass lid from the jar, Gob reaches in a hand and pulls up a clenched fist full of the loose earth. He steels himself momentarily and then gobbles up the dirt, taking vast reckless bites and chewing wildly before swallowing the globus. His clean hand reaches out to grab the edge of the pedestal and steady him, but before he finds support he collapses backwards into the powdery carpeting.

 A faint glow can be seen in the jar and Gob feels pressure as the door swings open. He is confronted by his long lost son and father are not happy to see him. Gob notices a darkened figure lying in the darkness, his clawed hand carefully remove the cursed jars and repeat that this is his own son! Angry, the body snaps back to the light of the candles, revealing the intruder to be his own son!

Gob confronts his son, accusing his absence for causing him to leave on his own, under direst duress. He holds him until Orion rescues him. These duel scenes are a stark contrast to Nimoy's hero, Spock, whose use of force seemed to be used sparingly, allowing the actor to get in a little-seen round of fisticuffs before exiting the scene to more prolonged reflection. There's also a nice chunk of healthy dialogue between Spock and Scotty, which seems to clear up the Vulcan misconceptions of the Pike character.

The Enterprise does not visit Earth in either episode. Since the Star Trek original series was released 20 years ago, the series is apparently an alternate universe as it relates to the more widely beloved Star Trek

He gives a few more long swallows and then fumbles on his feet for the new toy. He leans to his side to hide his face as he takes in a quick breath and tries to remain motionless.

Juna rolls the pile of pieces of blue crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled crumpled cr

The first porter walks over and nudges him with a wet bandaged hand. He's not trying to get Gob to talk – I'm sure they all would like to talk, but he's not stupid – he's just not a trusting person. He is, however, afraid of what he will find out. Gob blinks, looks down and nods at the first porter, curtly. The second porter seems almost relieved to see him. He turns back to the rest of his day, it's an awfully long day, but Gob is stubborn and determined.

Dibs is the fourth porter