Long-term project
get in with the silver nails, a group of severosi horsepeople who were enemies of his tribe's 
win their trust
scope out lost district
switch all their nails with inefficacious ones
allow them to be possessed in an ambush by ghosts
this will feed the ghosts and let me, gob, get in with the ghosts too. 

Seresha: female, tall, worn down, pit fighting, blood to flaws?, arrogant, leader, sandy (haired?) ? 
Thuhan: neutral, plain, bony, interest in architecture? stout? secretly serving demon's agenda
will be gob's enemy probably, or harbor resentment, if gob completes the quest

subrada nagi are enemies of the spirit wardens who control the lost district

Gob: I am here now to pleit [entreat] the vadraktk [leader].
Seresha: I remember you -- one of the castweffe of the Felthiir on Severos. What would you want with us?
Gob: I wish to return to the Felthiir [lit 'to be cursed' or 'the cursed'] and make them pay for my mistreatment. However, I cannot make it across the eherjed [ravaged, desolate] plains by myself. I would like to train with your band, the sudraba nagi [silver nails]. So that you will find it difficult to refuse my request, I offer my services to you in defense of the clan. 
Thuhan: Our people are strong and wild and tyrande [iron-fisted], whereas this kucheɪn [whelp, runt] will only cause us difficulty. Withsay him and have done with it. 
Seresha: Thuhan, my best scout, what you say bears much weight. There is recently one of our number, though, whose sodīšana [a capture leading to punishment] would please me. This thief absconded with one of the ancient lances which we know to be carved from a sliver of Sirmgalv, the Earthroot. I have already dispatched too many slepfkavas [trackers], and none of the parties have borne fruit. If you, Gob, Felthiir agrāk [formerly of the Felthiir], can bring this thief to us and the lance as well, I will consider you as one of mine own family.
Gob: This is a bargain I am willing to accept, for it is in pursuit of my wish, to supplice the clan which tortured me so.

I return to northeast Nightmarket, where the thief, Bergna, by all accounts a greatly disfigured creature, stooped and scarred, was last seen. Prostrating myself in ritual abnegation, I dive  into the seething whirlwind of jukas, the roiling signs left by the unsatisfied spirits who have passed by. A jagged promontory stabs upwards out of the otherwise placid web; unmistakably, this is the chasm which that splinter of Sirmgalv carved through the tapestry of ghostly mundanity. Its frantic outline leads unerringly south, seeking the great rail line which unites the islands and makes landfall in Nightmarket. Near the north-west elbow of the tracks the spear's fulgurous spoor sinks precipitously into the ground and out of site. Confident I can now mirror its path, I release myself from the ritual's grasp, but the sere afterimage of that ungodly weapon marches across my vision, and I take slow and uncertain steps south.

After a few blocks my sight clears, and I begin to stride as confidently as my tense frame will allow. Then, suddenly, I am pitched sideways into a greasy darkness, and feel tendrils of drūzma [ghostflesh] wrap around my form. These wisps of spirit are angry, and raging impotently against a recent blödveipr [trauma, lit. blood scarf]. Using what I have learned of the arts of atraidīth [a discipline which effects the transfer of tranquility and pleasure to spirits] I calm the frenzied host. — What ails you, draught [(slang, roughly:) ghost- friend]? Its answer comes in fits and starts, but I learn that it was in life a young boy, disembodied only a few days previous, and made, in details I wish not to recount here, to serve a demonic agenda of one it knows as Khelfaraz. I wish this name were strange to me, but, alas, I have become well-acquainted with it over the last few weeks.



demon: amorphous : earth; corruption
these lances
demons are corporeal, and almost immortal because their blood is electroplastic essence
near the rail lines


